[Music]
very good my dearest
lovers of the heart how is the
love in this video I come to talk to you
about Alejandra Rubio who is unemployed and it's not
that I was happy but honestly it was a
death foretold Terelu Campos has
written an article in which she is more than
anything crying out please
let's plug my daughter
somewhere okay before commenting on this
article please we ask everyone as
always to subscribe to the channel it is
completely free if on this channel you
find out all the gossip having
said that let's get down to business you are seeing the
headline of the article I am worried about the
job prospects of my colleagues from Viva
la Vida well and you put a picture there of your
daughter that more than anything what you are
saying with that is that who
worries you is your daughter and that again you are going to have to
give your weekend allowance
to Terelu how good that I already told you let's
see one thing is that you have the
opportunity okay I that how
wonderful that you have a godfather
like Raúl Prieto and that your
mother and your grandmother are
important people not over  all your grandmother who
have hands in Telecinco to get
you to your boyfriend if you have a daughter she puts her in
if you have a neighbor and I know so much to put it in
your grandmother can put it in but of course
once it's in you have to comply and there
Alejandra Rubio well what do you want me to
say I have nothing absolutely nothing
against her I think she's a
really cute girl but as a carrier as
contributors the programs well the truth is
that she doesn't give much play no
show she doesn't participate she's just
sitting there with her cell phone and of this girl more
than seeing her sitting on a television set
well she invited her better than to do that let her
stay in red okay and in
fact when they ask her her voice
her followers on social networks hey what's
going to happen to you what are you going to do
now she has
answered it herself no no I don't know for now I'm going to go
back to acting class
I'm going to give Tito more stick and on Instagram
but more stick that Leandro yes you ca
n't give him more stick I understand how do you
not upload a photo every minute two
more minutes to attack the street that
is here on the street and it's a shame
because  That's what I'm telling you, so you
have a person who connects you and you
have the opportunity to get in before
other journalists who are more
prepared than you and are on the street,
but that you have the opportunity to get
in because you have connections, it seems
great to me. If I had power, I would
surely also have connections and agents in
the places where I work, it's not that that's the
law of life, they are normal, family life, there's no
one who can complain about that.
Now one thing is that they put you in but
then you have to support
yourself and it's not that it hasn't worked. Let's see if
here you have the mother, the grandmother,
that you have, you have friends who are very well
known, move, bring you exclusives, when you
know that you're going to talk about a topic,
prepare the topic, find out things,
ask through testimony, get
things, but it's not like daughters that you
sit there, you touch your hair and yes, you
look very cute on camera, but you haven't
contributed anything, therefore, when the time comes,
potagia or in the street. Now
when,
if we already work on Telecinco, then open
a new program, it's already summer, they
called Gloria Camila because they know
perfectly well that with Gloria Camila,
Gloria Camila is worth it.  It was going to be
ratings points but this girl no no and
then Terelu is there
screaming to the heavens please
put the one I don't want to have to
pay her rent
but that's what loving parents are for
tell me what you think always with
respect okay I know you will debate and
in the comments I send you a
huge hug and until the next video
[Music]